thanks to Squarespace for sponsoring
this video at CES 2018 create an awesome
website or online store using their
all-in-one platform today and speaking
of today we're here at Origin PC
checking out their new millenium now
their original millenium launched a few
years back and featured something really
cool it was their variable mounting
system that is now fully patented and is
still here on display normally you would
see the internals of the system on this
side of the computer but they have it
there showing off their variable
mounting here so you have graphics cards
facing up the motherboard is rotated it
looks really cool what comes along with
that is now your IO is all at the top
and they've revamped this part a little
bit so there's now a magnetic top and
show you guys they're six magnets three
on each side and it has velcro mounted
dust cover which is absolutely really
cool just shove that back in there you
see all your i/o like standard is on the
top now the back doesn't have i/o
because naturally it's all up here but
if you want to look at front i/o they've
changed that a little bit too now it has
a sliding cover so you can hide all of
it if you don't have anything plugged up
there and it'll look all nice and sleek
or you can slide it up access your USB
type-c and your LED switch so you can
switch between there now RF controlled
controller so this you don't have to
like target it and point at it from
wherever you just point somewhere
completely different press a button
it'll work it can sync up to I believe
five of these all at once you can change
your whole room if you want to have them
all different colors which is really
cool
or you can just press the button and it
switches to motherboard control and then
your RAM and the motherboard lighting
and all that kind of stuff syncs up you
can have it done either way moving up to
the front there's now an aluminum front
panel that can open from left or right
this one in particular is opening from
the right side and in here you can see
that they have an optional VR panel so
it has an HDMI and two USB three outs
and a hot-swap hard drive Bay down in
the bottom now as far as side panels go
you have a lot of options in this
configuration we have dual glass but you
could have one glass you could have one
aluminum you could have both aluminum
you could have aluminum with a textured
finish on it the one that they have here
is a wood texture so you can actually
feel the grain as you run your hand
along it be glass and aluminum can both
have laser etching so for the glass they
would laser etched the inside so that
your LED lighting on the inside would
catch
just on the inside of the etching and it
looks really cool for the aluminum
panels when it gets laser etched you
could laser etched a photo into there
they have a really cool doom scene done
here but you could get whatever done you
wanted I was told you could send in a
picture of your dog and they could have
it jumping over at some gaming scene
whatever they'll have their internal art
team do that for you super cool also
they're completely tooless so you can
just pull off the magnetic mounting on
the side here it swings out on a nice
hinge and you can just lift it right off
and swap it with another panel if you
want you could order more than two
panels with your system now if you
ordered your new millennium and it's
just you know you're enjoying it a lot
but you just need more out of life you
can upgrade on the fly you don't have to
buy a whole new case you can add this
bottom Bay which upgrades it directly to
the Genesis chassis in there you can
throw pretty much whatever you want you
could have a diorama scene if you want
to do something weird like that or you
could just go directly with a huge
amount of hard drives three and a half
inch or two and a half inch SSDs water
cooling I believe you can have two 360
radiators in the bottom if you wanted to
go really really hardcore with the water
cooling and there you go your upgraded
that's it we're also checking out the
new Omni which now comes to the six
hundred fifty watt power supply which is
great because it can power any single
graphics card it also has moved up from
an MITx board to an an ATX board which
isn't for expanding to multiple GPUs but
you can have more RAM and other
expandability options which is great
it's also on the front has a 144 Hertz
Samsung panel and it's fully upgradable
the CPU the graphics card everything Ram
can all be swapped out by you and last
but not least we have the Kronos XL this
is a step up from the Chronos in terms
of size and power you move up from an
ITX board to an M ATX board also you
have dual graphics cards here they have
displayed the light side and dark side
Titan X graphics cards which looks super
cool in this rig and it can be placed in
multiple configurations so as we have it
here it can be standing up but it can
also rotate down onto its side to show
off those GPUs on the side and to work
quite well in a home theater setup and
speaking of whatever orientation you
want create an awesome-looking website
today using Squarespace and one of their
award-winning templates that can fit
themselves onto any device and any
solution that you need including this
crazy monitor that's behind me you can
do really great things with it like make
an online store you can make a blog that
can also post into Apple news format
which is really cool
they have 24/7 live chat and email
support if you need any help and there's
no upgrades or installs or maintenance
that you have to do so whatever your
website needs maybe head over to
Squarespace comm / CES and enter LTT in
the offer code section to get 10% off
your first purchase and start making a
beautiful website today thanks for
watching this video guys you can dislike
it you can like it depending on maybe if
you appreciate the upgrades that Origin
PC has done let them know in the
comments down below I'm sure they'll be
checking it out also stay subscribe to
see all the rest of our awesome CES 2018
content will be here there's tons more
videos to make I'll see you around